After Azer placed an order, we are going to clear the product from the user cards and also we are going
to take the user back to the customer on screen.
To do this, you can see over here we basically have a material button and we send the material, but
then we have the press function.
And first of all, what we have to do is to look over each item or each product we have in our cards.
And over here we created a variable called Order F, and it is a type of something known as collection
referrals.
And what we are simply saying is it's going to be equal to underscore faster.
That's collection.
And we want to create a new collection called Orders.
And also over here we have the order ref and the dog in that store.
Each order in this order collection.
And also what we have to do is to create a unique ID for each order.
Right.
And you can see over here we used a late keyword and we said it is a type of string.
And the reason for this limit is because currently we are basically not assigning it to any value at
this point.
Right.
And you can see why a.
We are then assigning to assigning it to a value and it is equal to something known as EU ID v4.
What does we basically do to help us generate a unique ID for each of our products?
You can see over here we are passing the.
Voter ID and basically we are passing all the fields we need for that order, or we are passing all
the fields we need for that document.
Okay, great.
And now what we can then do is over here right before the semicolon, we can then say that when completes
that when completes, that is, after all this has been successfully stored in our cloud faster database,
then we are going to call the contest contest.
Contest doth read.
And we have to specify the provider we want to have access to.
We want to have access to the card provider class.
And you can see via within the card provider.
COTS provider.
We have a function called clear cut.
You can see and basically we are calling the on the score list and we are saying that Clay.
Okay.
So we have to then call that.
I'm trying to be and just click, click.
Okay.
And lastly, what we have to do is to use the navigator, navigator the off compass, then the push.
But this is going to be navigator.
Navigator.
Navigator dot of contest.
Dodd's push.
Push name and remove on seal.
Right.
We are basically not using the navigator to push because default is going to have a back error.
So when we go to the home page, back to the home page, there's going to be an arrow via again to go
back.
So what we are basically saying, once we go to that new route, we do not want to be able to come back
to the screen again.
Okay.
And for the new routes, it's going to be the.
Customer.
Customers on screen that read name OC.
This is basically it.
And I think we need this.
And you can see we are setting the current rules to force.
That is, we don't want to be able to go back.
And since we are not able to go back, there will be no hirer.
Or you can just use the navigator that pushed and off contest without this push name and remove those.
So to see what I'm trying to explain, I think you've seen that before.
Okay.
So what we can then do is use control and save.
And currently I think we have two products.
Okay.
So.
I think we have to product also what we can just do is we can change the the color.
The icon themed colour.
We tend to harbor.
We can then have the icon team.
This is going to be icon theme.
Data and you can set the color to colors.
US the black.
That Black Oak.
This country needs to save.
And also we need to do that for the place of the screen, because basically we copy the code from this.
Icon team.
Icon team data.
And we can change the color to call us black.
Okay.
And this should be black now.
So let's go and click on Confirm.
Again Black as well.
And we want to go for the catch on delivery and click on Confirmed and Pay.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Took us back to you can see there is no error.
Now try to see if you can use the navigator navigator dot push and you're going to see an arrow via
because default is going to have that arrow in.
That's to go back to that previous round or that previous screen.
So what this will basically do this navigator.
Now we get our push on to remove or this is going to get rid of that previous route.
You can see we are setting the previous routes before us.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And you can see currently we have no items on our cards because we basically called this click cut to
clear it after finishing uploading it.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand this, but if you don't, you can do what to let me know.
Okay, guys.